When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?
A copy of a repository on a remote machine can serve as a backup in case
something happens to the local copy. A remote repository can also be accessed
by others if your machine is off.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
You may not want the most recent changes in the branch you're currently working
in. You might also want to keep the project you've downloaded in a working,
stable state.

Describe the difference between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use
one instead of another?
Forks aren't a part of Git, but Github allows users to clone repositories of
other users to their own repository. Clones are complete copies of a repository
Branches are used to create alternate versions of a project without creating a
whole new repository, since the branch may eventually merge with the original
at some point.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?
This allows you to work offline and still have Git know how much you've changed
from the last time you checked. This also saves on unnecessary bandwidth usage,
even if the transaction would only be a few kilobytes.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?
I think it would be harder in all cases unless the people I collaborate with
agree to only make changes to different files at a time and keep in constant
contact with each other when they need to edit someone else's file.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly
in master? What benefits does each approach have?
If you don't want to potentially mess up a working version of the project,
committing changes to a separate branch makes sense. It depends also on how the
project is set up; if the project is designed so that only the repository owner
may alter the main branch, then obviously there needs to be more branches.
